All open and completed tree trim requests made to 311 since January 1, 2011. The Department of Streets and Sanitation maintains all trees growing in the public way and performs regular maintenance trimming in response to 311 requests. Crisis trimming is performed on an emergency basis in response to hazardous conditions such as broken or hanging branches. Requests that have been labeled as Duplicates are in the same geographic area and have been entered into 311’s Customer Service Requests (CSR) system at around the same time as a previous request. Duplicate requests are labeled as such in the Status field, as either "Open - Dup" or "Completed - Dup." Data is updated daily.

All open tree debris removal requests made to 311 and all requests completed since January 1, 2011. Large piles of branches or bushes may be picked up by the Department of Streets and Sanitation. 311 sometimes creates duplicate requests for tree debris removal. When there is an open tree debris request, a duplicate request is created when the exact same address and the exact same service request type are used. Streets and Sanitation responds to the initial request opened and closes the duplicates. A forestry "Clam" is the name of the vehicle the Forestry Bureau deploys to collect tree debris. Data Owner: Streets and Sanitation (http://www.cityofchicago.org/content/city/en/depts/streets.html). Time Period: January 1, 2011 to present. Frequency: Data is updated daily. Related Applications: 311 Service Request Status Inquiry (https://servicerequest.cityofchicago.org/web_intake_chic/Controller?op=createsrquery2) and Request Tree Debris Removal (https://servicerequest.cityofchicago.org/web_intake_chic/Controller?op=locform&invSRType=SEL&invSRDesc=Tree%20Debris&locreq=Y).
